ONE PUNCH!
(Three! Two! One! Kill shot!)
Appearing! Certain Victory! The absolute strongest!!
What're you saying? Frustration! Nobody can stop me
ONE PUNCH! It's over! One victory after another!
I shout out!! I'm always victorious!! Total victory!!
Power! Get the power! Right up to the limit
HERO. I don't want voices praising me or an ovation
HERO. so I fight against evil in secret
(Nobody knows who he is.)
Foes are closing in and covering the sky. I won't turn my back on them.
If I am a HERO. then I'm prepared with unwavering resolve. unleashing my fist
(Three! Two! One! Fight back!)
Appearing! Go on! Fair and square!!
What's going on? I can't feel a thing. my opponents are all gone!
JUSTICE! Enforcement! No point arguing it!
I’ll eradicate!! Eradicate evil!! Say your prayers!!
Power! Get power! Adrenaline's overflowing!
Power! Get power! Strike with the force of my disciplined technique!
HERO. even the strongest guys used to be tiny brats
HERO. I overcome my weakness and become stronger
(Nobody knows who he is.)
I just raise my fists. with the gods dwelling in them. and push onward
HERO. until I taste the dirt of defeat some day. a fighting HERO
I won't give up; I picture the future in my heart
I awaken and go to the world now. soaring high and strong
No matter when. no matter what happens
HERO. I don't want voices praising me or an ovation
HERO. so I fight against evil in secret
(Nobody knows who he is.)
I just raise my fists. with the gods dwelling in them. and push onward
HERO. until I taste the dirt of defeat some day. a fighting HERO
A lonely HERO
I wanna be the strongest HERO!